## Runesmith 2 2026-05-02 Changelog

### Balances
- Recipe rework: Recipe cards can now be played without the required Elements to gain Elements equal to the cost instead.
  - Extra note: On replay, the card copies will use the initial effect. If you didn't have enough Elements then you'll gain Elements that many times instead of Crafting the Rune.
  - Vulcanus nerfed: Cost 0 ⇒ 1.
  - Vulcanus (Rune) nerfed: Gain Block equals to damage dealt ⇒ Gain Block equal to potency.
- Empowerment adjusted: Cost 1 of each Element ⇒ Lose 1 of each Element.
- Saxum nerfed: 4(6) Potency ⇒ 3(5) Potency
- Fulgor (Rune) reworked: Deal damage equals to Potency 2 times. Break: deal damage 4 times.
  - Fulgor (Card) adjusted: 4(6) Potency and 3(4) Charges ⇒ 5(7) Potency and 4(5) Charges.
- Accelerate reworked: Draw 1 cards for each Charge (+1) ⇒ Draw 1 card. Break your oldest Rune to draw 2(3) more cards. 
- Complete Circuit adjusted: Give all Runes 1 Charge for each enemies hit ⇒ Give all Runes 1 Charge. Uncommon ⇒ Common.
- Stabilize adjusted: Set the Charges of all Runes to 2(3) ⇒ Set the Charges of all Runes with at least 1 Charge to 3(4). Common ⇒ Uncommon.
- Runesonance reworked: Give all Runes 4(6) Charges. Cost 1E less per Rune. ⇒ Set the Charges of all Runes to the Charge of your newest Rune (plus 1).
- Secret Recipe nerfed: ...free to play this combat ⇒ ...free to play this turn.
- Reduce Entropy buffed: Gain 8(12) Block ⇒ Gain 10(12) Block.
- Shock Therapy adjusted: ...deal 5(7) damage to ALL enemies ⇒ ...deal 6(6) damage to ALL enemies.
  - number of cards to Stasis is still 2(3).
- Fission Hammer buffed: Deal 8(10) damage. ⇒ Deal 11(13) damage.

### Contents
- Added a Card: Lucky 7 - 1 Cost Rare Attack - Can only be played if you have 7 Runes with at least 1 Charge. Deal 35(49) damage to ALL enemies.
- Added Runesmith specific Potions (no textures yet)
  - RGB Potion - Common - Gain 3 of each Element.
  - Ice in a Bottle - Uncommon - Apply 8 Ice-Cold.
  - Iron Supplement - Rare - Enhance a card by 5.

### Bug Fixes
- Temp fix: Superposition/Underposition should only Transform when in hand (or pulled from Draw/Discard). It's still annoying but should be more manageable.
- Fixed Core Crystal (Broken Ruby upgrade) not giving all the Elements.
- Fixed Flumen card description.